20130607 irc meeting

dantleech edited this page Jun 7, 2013 · 10 revisions

IRC transcription: http://irclog.codelabs.nl/transcript/symfony-cmf/2013-06-07

Agenda:

  • review open PRs http://cmf.davidbu.ch / http://ghag.dantleech.com
  • CMFLogos
  • switch recommended editor to CKEditor
  • co-maintainers needed for all Sonata bundles
  • rmsint - try to join in time (another meeting), otherwise for the block:
    • caching PR, needed for 1.0?
    • admin related points, currently we can better wait for general admin extension -> untill when to wait before implementing minimum requirements, what is realistic?
  • Tree browser refactoring (dtl)
    • Decoupling from Sonata Admin
    • Show all by default
    • Removal of FOSJsRouting - replace with explcitly declared edit routes
  • Sonata MediaBundle PHPCR implementation (dtl)
  • (dbu) use Model namespace in BlockBundle? but do XML mappings for sure.
  • (dbu) use sandbox as testbed for all bundles?

Notes:

In attendance:

  • dbu
  • dantleech
  • lsmith,
  • fazy
  • nikolaPetkandki (idle)
  • rmsint
  • sjopet

Round up

dantleech

dbu

  • adapting phpc to jcr changes since last november
    • notable feature: can filter on node type

fazy

lsmith

  • merged UTC change in doctrine dbal
  • intends to merge the PR to split the reference table in two today
  • investingating issues with query support that were introduced with the join support
  • hoping to do jackalope releases today
  • has also fixed some issues with move operations in phpcr-odm
  • also hoping to release a PHPCR-ODM today
  • opened PR for functional testing in the CoreBundle
  • requesting help for fixing bugs with cmf_next and cmf_prev

rmsint

sjopet

Discussion

Review of Open PRS (lsmith)

  • Concern about number of open PRs
  • Risk of wasting lots of time rebasing and re-fixing unmerged PRs
  • 33 open PRs in symfony-cmf
  • Lets add filter by user to PRs on cmf.davidbu.ch
  • Summary: lets improve the situation and redicuss next week

CMF logos

  • Fabien is going to send logo set
  • Will vote on if we accept or reject Fabiens proposal

CreateBundle default editor

  • lsmith: Seems we need to switch from halo to something else for default as halo proving difficult to contribute to.

  • Proposal to switch to CKEditor

  • Sjopet suggests some sort of generic pre / post hooks to cleanup of manipulate the generated HTML, dbu suggest postpoing until after 1.0

  • DBU supports hallo to continue playing its role. Powerful WYSYWG on main page content, then more minimal editing for individual blocks. Image as seperate field, not part of HTML blob.

  • [Votes] for CKEditor: dbu +1, sjopet +1, rmsint +1, lsmith +1, fazy +1

  • [ACTION] : lsmith will handle to switch, but will be happy if somebody else wants the job.

  • MediaBundle dependency to be deferred for now.

Sonata Co-Maintainers

  • Rande interested in increasing number of people with commit access to Sonata. If people are interested, talk to @rande.

Tree Bundle Refactoring

  • dantleech is working on decoupling the treebrowserbundle from sonata admin
  • discussion of dropping FOSJsRouting if possible
  • policy on showing nodes - default to show all, but have different options
  • possiblity of having a base form type for tree browser

MediaBundle problems

  • dantleech says updating media seems to try and delete his media folder
    • also points out broken code
  • [ACTION] rmsint says he will try and look at it next week

Model namespace

  • @dbu has started moving document rote classes to the Model namespace and to create XML mappings for them.
  • [VOTE] Implement Model structure on all CMF bundles: lsmith +1, dbu +1, rmsint +1, dantleech +1

Run all tests (for all components + bundles) in sandbox

  • dbu: it would be cool to be able to run phpunit in the
    sandbox and have all unit and functional tests of all cmf + phpcr-odm + sonata run with the same code
  • If we continue to implement the testing component in bundles we should eventually be in a strong position to make this work.

Other topics

  • rmsint wants to implement PWFC in BlockBundle
  • sjopet wants to add lists to the admins in the sandbox
  • lsmith suggests the next tag set should be "beta"
  • dantleech wants changelogs to accompany each PR
  • dantleech asks about meetup structure for the 20/21
    • dbu replies that we will decide in the week before
  • lsmith suggests anybody with any forward-tinking ideas might want to do a presentation.
  • dantleech will mention CMF traning to former employer
  • rmsint: Do we need bulletproof caching in 1.0, or is it good as it is now?
Clone this wiki locally
You can’t perform that action at this time.
You signed in with another tab or window. Reload to refresh your session. You signed out in another tab or window. Reload to refresh your session.
Press h to open a hovercard with more details.